The doorbell rings.
I run over and grasp it with my dried out hands. Since the humidity here is basically nonexistent as compared to Florida, my skin is suffering.
I take a step back so that my guest can walk inside the warm house as I feel the chill of the outdoors hit against my face and scrape its way into my lungs. Ethan is wearing a black coat and black gloves, with a t-shirt underneath. It's been a long time since he's been to my house. 6 months? A year? Either way it'a a rare sight.
I grab my black coat to go over my cardigan and wrap a knitted scarf around my neck before I usher Ethan out the door. He's just picking me up after all. Soon we'll be at his house playing VR games on his Vive. The snow crunches under my feet as I get into the passenger side of his car. Ethan hasn't changed - same slim and confident figure. His black hair falls across his face as he unconsciously brushes it back with his hands.
"So how is Florida?" he asks.
"Good, the weather is nice there."
"I'm sure. Classes are good?"
"Yeah," I respond.
"Everything okay between you and Zack?" Ethan asks in casual conversation.
I hate talking about Zack with Ethan. For some reason it always makes me uncomfortable.
"Good," I say. I don't want to make things awkward by talking about how much I miss him, but also I don't want him to be a subject of our interactions. That can only lead to bad things. Talking about things like this are so awkward. Small talk is so awkward.
"Chelsea will be coming today," Ethan comments. Chelsea? He's still dating her? I'd completely forgotten.
choice
"Why?" I ask.
"Because she's my girlfriend?" Ethan responds in a tone that makes it obvious my snarky comment was not welcome. I've always been uneasy about her though, that much hasn't changed. I could never pinpoint why. When Ethan told me they started dating I remember going to all of my friends asking what they thought about her, complaining. However I've never been one to start a scene, so I simply tried to avoid the subject as best I could. It's not like I ever saw them together.
The car ride ended as we arrived at Ethan's house. Ethan shows me his new computer case, made out of wood with a large window to see all the components. Ethan starts fiddling with sensors and his computer, setting up the Vive. He makes small talk with me over computer components and video games.
"Want to give it a try?" he asks, handing the headset over to me. I stand in the middle of the room and put the headset over my eyes, and Ethan puts the headphones over my ears, as well as hands me the controllers.
"I'm going to send you into the tutorial," he says loudly as the grid  all around me fades into a warehouse-looking space. After interacting with a robot in the tutorial, I start playing whatever games are available. I play zombie shooters, Fruit Ninja, and am in the middle of a 3D drawing experience when Hannah and Josh get to Ethan's house. I take off the apparatus and let Hannah and Josh play for a while.
We take a break to chat, and Ethan pulls out his laptop to show us - well me, Hamilton because I'm the only one who's never seen it before. Hannah and Josh sing along as I judge the song.
"That's my favorite one from the musical," Ethan comments.
"That's good," I respond, not paying much attention.
"Get that from your book?" he asks.
"What book?"
"Your book of phrases you use when you don't want to talk to someone." I stare at him in bewilderment.
choice
"That's nice," I comment, ending the conversation. The rest of the car ride is spent in silence as I don't feel like talking about his girlfriend and Ethan recognizes he has struck a nerve.
"I'm surprised you noticed that."
"Why? You always have comments for people you're not interested in talking to," he says.
"It's not always that I don't want to talk to them, sometimes I don't know what to say, or just don't want to make them feel ignored."
"Hmm."
Soon, hunger starts getting to us and we talk about what to eat. We've finally decided on pizza, but between me being vegan and Josh being gluten free, we have to buy many of them. We decide on the pizzas, and soon enough Chelsea has joined us.
We stay for a few stray minutes, but soon go to grab our coats from the chair we collectively placed them on. About to grab my coat, I notice a stray black wallet on the chair. There are other coats still on the chair, so I assume whoever it belongs to will grab it before we leave. We're about to walk out when Chelsea calls out Ethan's name. I look over and see her wiggling the black wallet between her fingers.
"What?" he asks as he looks back and notices her holding his wallet.
"Oh," he says as she makes a final comment about not forgetting things. What a weird way to tell someone they've forgotten something. Instead of saying
"Here Ethan, I grabbed your wallet," she presents it like a patronizing parent. That's a pretty rude thing to do in front of his friends.
choice
"It's about time you figured it out," I say as Ethan frowns.
"Fine, I see how it is." Ethan's tone implies an "I don't need you" attitude, and I realize that he's not saying it out of disappointment. I grin at him as a nonverbal way of communicating that it was a joke.
"You didn't have to say it like that," I say in a soft tone, afraid of the conflict I know will ensue. She looks upset at me very quickly. Not upset in an angry way though - upset in a sad way.
"It's fine," Ethan says, confused about how it was even an issue.
"He should just be glad I grabbed it," she responds, trying not to incriminate herself or fight with me. I stop, realizing that with Ethan on her side, it doesn't matter how I think she should act. It's futile.
"Okay," I say as we walk out.
We all pack into Josh's car and head to the pizza place. It's pretty much deserted there. We order our pizzas and wait for them to bake. I keep my focus on Hannah as we wait. She's my best friend after all. Ethan and Chelsea are generally quiet. Actually, what bothers me more is that I'm noticing that they're generally quiet. Soon though, the pizza has finished. Ethan grabs a 2 Liter of soda and we make our way back to his house.
We sat down around the table to eat pizza. Ethan sits directly across from me, with Josh at the end of the table, Hannah at my left, and Chelsea diagonal to me. The casual conversations commence. Chelsea starts talking about her only connection to our group.
"...like the time Ethan tackled children at camp?"
"Wait what?" I said.
"When we were at camp playing flag football, Ethan started tackling children to get their flags." Ethan starts explaining himself.
"Look, they found out that if they put the flags near their crotch the adults wouldn't grab them, so I started grabbing them because it was unfair for them to do that."
Makes sense.
"You were basically on top of them!" Chelsea accuses. I nod slowly as a gesture of understanding.
"I see." Ethan seems frustrated with Chelsea's rendition. He gets up and points at the table.
"No!" He starts frantically explaining himself.
choice
"It's just a wallet," I tell myself as we walk out the door.
I decide to stand up and yell over him.
"You know you've done something wrong when you're yelling and pointing!" He sits down at this. I stop for a second, catching eye contact with him.
Don't stare. Don't stare. I'm completely lost in his gaze. How long is it since I started looking at him? I should sit down. But I can't. Chelsea pulls on his arm. I barely notice in my daze.
I flutter my eyes downward and glance at Josh to make it seem like nothing happened. It seems like he didn't notice. Looking over at Hannah, she seems normal enough. I desperately change the subject.
"Should I be ashamed that I ate a large pizza by myself?" I ask.
Hannah defends me.
"It's flatbread so you're fine." We all finish up and then go back to VR.
"We should play Keep Talking and Nobody Explodes," Ethan suggests. None of us really know what it is, so we agree.
"I'll start as the person diffusing the bomb," he offers. He pulls out lots of papers described as the Bomb Manual. Chelsea knows how to play, so Ethan goes ahead and puts the headset on. Ethan starts describing what he sees on the bomb and we look for the solutions among all the papers laid out on the floor.
"I see a keypad!" He shouts. We start looking through the manual.
"I see a curly N," he continues. We start reading instructions.
"There's a password..." Chelsea starts instructing him. Time runs out.
"We lost. The bomb went off." Chelsea gets upset.
"You're so bad at this. Give me the headset." Chelsea throws herself into VR. Ethan takes the lead as she describes what's on the bomb, probably for the best. We all feel the tension. The rest of us start helping Ethan. Chelsea gets to a password. Ethan goes through the letters. I watch him cycle through possibilities, but we miss a couple.
"Read them off again," he says. Chelsea gets frustrated.
"I'm almost out of time!"
"Just read them off," he instructs. Chelsea starts reading again before she drops the controller she was holding.
"I'm out of time." She starts getting angry at Ethan. Ethan does his best not to argue.
"Okay," he nods. It seems like he's fought this battle before. At least enough to know winning isn't the best option. Josh goes to put on the VR. "This is messed up." Ethan takes the headset from him and puts it on.
"Yeah everything's crooked," he notes. We all get the sense that this has marked the end of the evening.
"I should get going," Hannah says. Hannah leaves, and Josh leaves soon after. I call my mom and ask her to pick me up. After 20 or 30 minutes, she arrives. She's so excited to see Ethan.
"Hi Ethan, how are you?" She asks in a friendly tone. Ethan responds politely and I start to leave. Before I walk out the door, Ethan approaches me. He offers a high five.
choice
"That makes sense to me," I say, directing my eyes downward as a way to avoid conflict with Chelsea. If she doesn't agree with Ethan, I'll have to be careful when I decide to. Ethan calms down and changes the subject.
"This is good pizza," he says. I try to build off of his segway.
Ethan and I have been friends for years. I see him for the first time in months and he's trying to leave me with a high five? We're better than that. I ignore Ethan's high five and wrap my arms around him. Ethan is so awkward in his embrace, probably because Chelsea has a perfect view of us. I remind myself not to overstay my welcome. I pull away and thank him for having me over and letting me use his Vive.
I go home with thoughts about Ethan and Chelsea swirling in my head. Their relationship scares me. I really can't judge their relationship due to one bad night. But, is Chelsea really treating him well? Their relationship looked so unhealthy. Ethan deserves better than that.
I cannot. Get. This. Out. Of. My. Head.
Thoughts of the night and their relationship still invade my mind as I get ready to go to sleep. Maybe a good night's rest will calm my thoughts. The next day the thoughts are still haunting me. I keep seeing Ethan and Chelsea curled up on the couch, and me looking over at them constantly despite being scared they'll notice me watching.
I see Ethan's eyes as I stared at him across the dinner table, completely mesmerized by him. I think I completely fell apart then.
I remember deciding to play the piano, and Ethan got off the couch with Chelsea and played with me, probably against better judgement.
And lastly, I keep thinking about Chelsea arguing over the passwords in the bomb game. Ethan backing off like he knew how that kind of argument goes and he didn't want to be on the hurting end of it. I wanted to jump in and protect Ethan. But that wasn't my place.
What do I even want my place to be? The whole thing is infuriating. Another day goes by like this.
Finally, I have to ask. I message Ethan.
"Do you mind if I ask you a question? It's kind of personal."
"you can always ask xD you should know by now its okay"
"Do you think Chelsea gets you?" I know the answer but I have to be validated. She and Ethan don't share many interests. Ethan and I can talk about anime, video games, computers, etc. These are things Ethan's extremely interested in. But he can't talk to her about those the same way he would me. I've heard him go on so many CPU tangents I've lost count. Can he go on those with her? I doubt it.
"i feel bad saying this, but not really" Ethan continues.
"understanding and gets is a bit different"
"she understands me and my intentions"
"but she does not get my cues". Is it bad to feel satisfied? There's a voice in the back of my head.
"She will never get him the way you do." I push this away as much as possible and try to make Ethan feel better.
"It's okay as long as you have mature communication. If as you communicate properly you don't have to be on a super deep level of understanding."
"the main reason we stay together," Ethan responds.
"plus i find many girls boring, but Chelsea never bores me"
"I agree that Chelsea isn't boring. Albeit I don't think she likes me, but she isn't a surface level person and I respect that" I try to give her the benefit of the doubt. But Ethan's next comment throws me off.
"yeah she doesnt like you much but thats due to the elephant in the room" Elephant? Did I miss something?
choice
I unconsciously accept Ethan's high five and head out. I try saying goodbye to Chelsea, but she doesn't respond. She doesn't like me. I know that much. I just don't understand why. What did I ever do to her?
"well its a type of dislike"
"she likes you as a person but she hates that she feels im closer to you than her"
Closer than Chelsea? Didn't he say they've been dating for almost 8 months? That doesn't seem possible.
"Please we barely talk" This is a logical statement. But I know what he means. Mentally Ethan and I are on the same wavelength. We are connected in a weird and abstract way.
"Tell me what the elephant in the room is"
"it would be better in person"
"If you tell me I'll tell you advice I have for you"
"hmm i do love criticism"
"i suppose i can agree to that"
Score. I can feel my heart slamming against my chest. My whole mind is in denial of what Ethan's probably going to say. I need to see it for myself.
"so, who shall go first?"
"Definitely you" Let's wait until after he confesses to tell him his relationship is hopeless, shall we?
"this is the sort of thing that's weird and really should be left alone"
"anyways, for about three years i was in love with you. it was annoying as all hell and didnt really make sense. i went on dates and tried dating other people but non of those felt authentic so i figured i would just wait it out. does that explain anything at all?" I tried every off-handed strategy to figure out if Ethan liked me the first couple years of high school and they all came up false. Did he try to mislead me? I don't understand.
"You know basically all of freshman and sophomore year I wanted you to ask me out right?"
This was the only export my thoughts would allow. I should explain.
"I kinda liked you, and then you invited me over to your house that first time. I was sitting on the couch and all the sudden you sat down obnoxiously close to me, and I was like, "omg this kid. What if he likes me or something etc" and then you said something like, "normally when someone sits close to you, you move over to make room." and I felt like an idiot. And then we were chatting on Skype, and I was trying to figure out if you liked me. But you said "there's no one at school I'd date" or something along those lines. And I convinced myself you were just being nice"
"i remember that. its hard to explain"
"would you like one?" A date? Would I like a date? Yes. Would his girlfriend like that? Nope. Is he thinking straight? To be fair, I'm not thinking straight.
"bad tv. i was convinced that any high school relationships ruin the chance of the relationship lasting past school." So he was in love with me but never told me because he didn't want a relationship? I'm so confused.
"sophemore year i was like "aly is really nice. i bet she would feel nice in my amrs", then i was like "paige is really nice. i bet we would never get bored." after i found out she thought my dick was too small due to asian heritage, i moved on to "wow, this german girl is really nice" but every time i came up empty"
How do I respond to this? Excitement is overpowering everything right now. I probably shouldn't be feeling this way. My boyfriend doesn't know... But Ethan has always been something I wanted but convinced myself I didn't because I couldn't. Or at least I thought I couldn't. Ethan and I discuss memories for several minutes.
"you do realize now im going to think about you constantly"
Same. But I really shouldn't be caring about this. I should be upset that Ethan's going to think about me, upset that I'll be thinking of him. But all I feel is happy. Still, it could be temporary happiness from finding out the truth. It may not lead to anything.
choice
"Yeah. Have you looked more into personality types?"
Ethan sends me a link to the description of his personality type.
"That all seems pretty accurate" I respond.
"well im def not entj"
"what type did you say you were"
"Infj, the rarest type"
I hate it. I hate being rare. I want to be like everyone else.
"im a close second"
That's true. the INTJ personality type covers less than 5% of the population.
The conversation is starting to fall off, so it's a good time for me to catch some sleep.
"I'm going to go to sleep, it's past my bedtime after all"
"okay, sleep well"
I go get ready for bed and let my thoughts drift away as I fall asleep.
Ethan and I continued to be friends after that.
He and Chelsea had differences they couldn't get through and broke up.
As for Zack and I, we dated for a few more months and I slowly realized that I didn't want to be in our relationship. He and I broke up, leaving Ethan and I to find relationships elsewhere.
The End
"I guess I can understand. Still it would be nice to befriend someone with my personality type"
I've never met another INFJ before Chelsea. I want so desperately to find someone who understands me. I wish she would be at least willing to act friendly towards me so that we could try to be friends. We would probably get along. Probably. It's worth a shot anyway.
"yeah..." I'm not sure whether I should interpret Ethan's response as him thinking I'm shallow for wanting to befriend someone on the basis of personality type or if I missed something. Either way, it's almost 1 a.m.
"I'm going to sleep, it's past my bedtime after all"
"okay, sleep well" I go get ready for bed and let my thoughts drift away as I fall asleep.Ethan and I continued to be friends after that. He and Chelsea had differences they couldn't get through and broke up. As for Zack and I, we dated for a few more months and I slowly realized that I didn't want to be in our relationship. He and I broke up, leaving Ethan and I to find relationships elsewhere.
The End
"We really should just move on from this."
It's the truth. I'm in a committed relationship, and Ethan is too. Zack and I plan on marrying each other, and as painful as it sounds, I think Ethan and Chelsea do too. We can't hurt everyone involved by rehashing old feelings. The past is in the past.
"yeah youre probably right"
It takes some coaxing to convince Ethan (and me, too) that all those feelings are in the past and are only going to hurt people if they're brought up again.
"I don't think we should talk anymore"
If we stay in contact, our relationships will crumble around us. He and I both know that.
"okay" Ethan and I say a painful goodbye. We don't hear from each other after that. I can only hope that Ethan either fixed his relationship or found one that makes him truly happy. I continued dating Zack for a while but we ended up breaking up after drifting apart. Apparently Claire, Hannah, and Josh still talk to Ethan from time to time, but I try not to think about it. It always leaves me lost in what if's. We did the best we could though. That's what's important.
The End
My mind starts sending thoughts before I can even process or proofread them.
"These are my thoughts after endless amounts of thinking but, I do consider you my greatest regret. Just that we never had a chance. Like hannah was telling me about Josh and whatnot but I was all mad because she and Josh tried but it didn't work, where we never tried at all. And then Wednesday seeing you with Chelsea made me think about all that and I knew you were trying to reassure her but I could tell there was something that you didn't have with her that you should have. This is all super abstract.. I know the people I have connections with and I was super frustrated because I knew we have that. Eh idk what I meant to say anymore. It all got to me pretty hardcore. Plus I've been having a pity party for myself this week now because Zack and I are pretty well set up and then I kept thinking about you and Chelsea and how frustrated I was over the whole thing"
Wow that made no sense. Hopefully I got the message across at least.
"i miss you"
My heart breaks. I know. This whole conversation is like letting out a breath after holding it in for God knows how long. The feeling of release that comes with it is indescribable.
"Yeah"
But now? This all had to happen now? Now that Ethan and I are both in a relationship? How could the timing be any worse?
"Ugh I'm so mad about this whole thing now"
"it is frustrating. I think Chelsea has picked up on the fact that i will always be comparing people to you."
I still can't believe what I'm seeing. The whole time in high school I thought I was nothing but an afterthought to Ethan. I guess I spent so long convincing myself he didn't like me I became blind to what was actually happening. Wait. Is that why Chelsea was so bad to Ethan Wednesday? It hits me. She wasn't acting the way she was because of Ethan. She was hurt. She was hurt by me.
"Is that why Chelsea was being so difficult with you Wednesday though? Because of me?"
"yeah"
I've messed everything up. I should never have started talking to Ethan again. I messed up his whole relationship. And yet, I can't help but feel happy. Ethan and I are finally being honest with each other and ourselves.
"she didnt shoe up because she liked vr, she came because she wanted to establish dominance."
"It's my fault. I'm sorry."
I should've let her be on a pedestal. As much as I don't feel comfortable with her, I should've let her be better than me. But the whole night I was just claiming Ethan in a way that she could never fight against. Her stories at dinner. Showing that she knows Ethan well enough and is close enough that she has a right to tell embarassing stories. Or at least, stories that make Ethan look like the bad guy. But it didn't work. I saw Ethan's perspective in all of them.
"He was tackling children!"
No, he was frustrated that they thought they could win through underhanded tactics.
"He pushed me out of his car!"
He asked you to get out enough times I'm sure. If you're not going to get out of the car after that, you probably deserve to be pushed out.
"just curious. did you really not know this was the elephant in the room or did you just want to hear me say it. say that i loved you and that in some ways i still do."
Still? Ah my heart is melting. I can't help but feel like I want this though. I really just want Ethan to come over and forget about Chelsea for a while. But that's so selfish. So, so selfish.
"I wanted to hear your perspective."
I probably would've accepted it if he told me she was jealous of my hair or something. But this was predictable enough.
"how long did you think about this?"
choice
Honestly, if I had seen Chelsea and Ethan together before that, this probably would've happened then. I've never been with both of them together before this.
"now i also want to divulge another thought to you. imagine we were together. would you still have doubts?"
Could I honestly say that I wouldn't wonder if I ended my relationship with Zack prematurely, or that Ethan and I were just trying to make something more than what it is? Or that our relationship wouldn't have flaws? I can't.
"Yes. You?"
"most likely. that comes with the territory."
He's right.
"In my mind though that's assuming we throw away everything to date. Essentially it would be me doubting whether that was the right decision"
"for me its whether or not i still feel empty"
Empty? His relationship makes him feel empty? That's basically the opposite of what a relationship is supposed to do.
"Empty?"
"you kind of described it when you said chelsea and i miss something that you think you and i have. its best noticed when i say something with intention and it's immediately percieved wrong. for example, 'please get out of the car'"
I can't say I would perceive that the same way. I mean, I could see Ethan's intention even with all of Chelsea's stories. The whole time I found myself thinking,
"Yeah. That sounds like something Ethan would do. That's the kind of person he is."
And I have to tell him.
"Brace yourself for a cocky and rude statement"
I can have one of those. Ethan has many.
"I know you'd be happier with me than her"
It comes out.
"and why did i know that was coming."
How should I even expect him to feel at that? This is such a weird way to tell him that we should be dating. And I don't want to admit that I feel that way.
"would you be happier with me than with zach?"
What a hard question.
"I honestly don't know. Earlier you described getting to know me as opening a series of doors. Where you carefully opened each one Zack had already teleported through several at a time. He gets me. I'm not sure whether that makes it better or worse. I will say I think I'd be more self conscious with you. Eh doesn't really help"
"are you okay with the way i look?"
What? Is that even a question? Does he realize how attractive he is? I'd be self conscious because he's attractive.
"I don't think I'd ever feel good enough for you"
"funny, chelsea is the same way. i dont really understand why, im really not what people make me out to be"
"It seems like you try hard to be who you are. I feel like I'm always disliking a part of who I am"
I admire Ethan so much more than I admire myself. He's so much more true to himself than I ever am to myself. I wish I could be that way.
"im not really picky. im not a great catch when it comes to guys because people are not fish in a sea. we are more like puzzle pieces who fit with each other. if i fit, i fit, and thats that"
How can he say these things so casually?
"This is where all the girls swoon"
"i dont get that either. sometimes say things that seem sexy and people point out i could do really well. and that just irks me because they have just defeated the purpose of the statement"
He could do well. That's why I wouldn't feel good enough for him.
"I think it's the romantic ideals"
"So, I guess the question is, with everything laid bare, do you still want to try."
choice
"For years"
"i meant what convinced you to ask me"
Oh. I guess it's fair to say Ethan also thought about this for years before now.
"Seeing you and Chelsea Wednesday really provoked me"
"Anyway, my advice for you, was that I don't like Chelsea for you"
I don't really have a good explanation for this. Just that I don't feel comfortable with Ethan continuing a relationship like the one I witnessed.
"i do have a question. because you think you are better or because she is a bad fit?"
I'm better. This is a secret I shouldn't tell though. It's not that I'm inherently better than her. Just that I would be better for Ethan. I understand him. "I think she isn't a good fit. I think she tries to be and you respect that. But I think she won't ever get you the way you'll want someone to. You may not be so good for her either. I don't want to demonize her."
I try my best not to insert my bias.
"yeah thats a fair point. So, I guess the question is, with everything laid bare, do you still want to try."
choice
"I can't give up Zack right now. But I know this will be weighing on my mind a lot. Is it okay if I decide not to think about this knowing that I will think about it? And if it gets unbearable I'll let you know. But I have to be certain in some sense. So the answer is yes I do want to try but not right now. You should also be aware that I'm now very scared you're gonna forget about all this if I tell you 'later'"
I'm terrified this is just a dream. I feel like it'll slip away at any moment.
"im not going to forget."
I still struggle to convince myself. But it's already 2 a.m.
"I don't want this to end. But I'm so tired."
"ive missed you, im glad to know you dont intend to cut ties here"
I couldn't if I tried. I'm pretty sure he's just stolen my heart.
"Feel free to message me whenever"
"sleep well"
"Sweet dreams"
After this, Ethan tries to work out his relationship with Chelsea but they break up within a month.
I go back to school in Florida, but Ethan and I spend the next couple months talking in earnest.
My dynamic with Zack changes drastically.
It becomes a routine of telling him I keep thinking about Ethan, him telling me to forget, me feeling guily, and attempting to push it aside. But it always comes back.
Ethan and I talk more than Zack and I over these months.
Then, spring break comes.
Ethan gives me the sense that he attempts to win me over during this time, and I can't find the strength to tell him not to. The whole thing is eating me alive. I can't figure out whether I want to date Zack or Ethan, and I don't think there's a correct decision. All I can get myself to do is wait it out and see how I feel after spring break.
The first free day I have over spring break, Ethan comes over.
We watch The Office, but there isn't anywhere to watch it in my house except for my room. We lay on my bed, a decent amount of distance between us for a couple hours. I put my hand open at my side as an offer. A very timid offer. I don't think Ethan even realizes that's what it is.
Every time I sit up and lean back I move a little closer to him. It's like watching middle schoolers on their first date.
choice
"I can't give up Zack."
"i understand."
Ethan and I decide that we should lay this to rest. We don't talk much after that, in an attempt to salvage our relationships. I can only hope that Ethan either fixed his relationship or found one that makes him truly happy.
I continued dating Zack for a while but we ended up breaking up after drifting apart.
We all still talk to Ethan from time to time, but I try not to think about it. It always leaves me lost in what if's.
We did the best we could though. That's what's important.
The End
I lean my head on his shoulder.
Ethan stops me.
"Here," he says as I lean up and he puts his arm around my shoulders.
Not much time passes before I lay my arm across his stomach. It evolved so quickly into cuddling.
Before I know it Ethan kissed my forehead.
"Is this okay?" He asks.
"Yeah," I say.
We're pushing the boundaries as much as possible.
But I don't want to stop.
Ethan puts the laptop aside and turns on his side so we're facing eachother.
It doesn't take long before he kisses my cheeks and the rest of my face.
But not the lips.
We create a silent agreement that kissing on the mouth is off limits.
We take turns placing kisses on each other's faces, adventuring along jaws and necks.
Soon enough Ethan kisses the corner of my mouth, and I gasp. My heart is pounding and everything hurts.
All I want to do is kiss him. It's unbearable.
Ethan places a warm hand on my back. His face is so close to me, I can feel his breath on my lips. It takes everything in me to turn my head instead of close the distance. Once I turn my head, he's breathing on my ear, and begins singing Hamilton lyrics, my new favorite since it was introduced to me in the winter.
This is almost worse.
I'm seconds away from pulling Ethan to me and ending this torture.
Some divine dicipline finds its way to me.
"Stop," I beg.
Ethan pulls his hand from my back.
"Are you okay?" He asks, confused.
I take a couple seconds to catch my breath and control my head before responding.
"Yeah. Sorry that was a bit much," I breathe.
Ethan and I take a break to watch more shows. After a couple more episodes, Ethan puts the laptop aside again. He gets up to use the restroom.
My thoughts are raging. What am I doing? Ethan and I are avoiding kissing but we've already crossed any line that kissing would cross. There's no point in this torture.
Ethan comes back and leans over me.
I should stick to my morals but...
choice
Ethan and I spend the rest of the night watching The Office.
By the end of break, even though we were both too scared to make a move, I've made my decision.
Once I get back to Florida, I tell Zack the truth.
I'm in love with Ethan.
Ethan and I start dating and make plans to see each other at the end of the semester in May. Ending up happy with Ethan is more than I could ever ask for.
The End
I should stop.
Ethan and I spend the rest of the night watching The Office.
By the end of break, even though we were both too scared to go any further, I've made my decision.
I close the distance. I prolong it just to emphasize my intent.
Once I pull away, Ethan asks me a simple question.
"Are you sure?"
Would I have done it if I wasn't sure?
"Yes," I say, as clearly as I can.
Little did I know, I just opened the floodgates.
He and I spend the rest of the night wrapped up in each other, exchanging kisses and smiles.
Actually, we end up spending the week this way.
By the time I get back to Florida, I tell Zack the truth. Although it's a rough separation, it was for the best.
Once everything with Zack is finished, Ethan and I start dating and spend a happy summer together.
When school starts back up, Ethan and I only grow closer.
I'll always remember the choices I made that led me here. I'll treasure those interactions forever. And someday, I hope to tell our children this story.
True End